feat(tracesgateway): move config map from values.yaml (#3525)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: deploy/helm/sumologic/README.md

| `debug.instrumentation.tracesSampler.print`                                           | Set to `true` to print logs processed by traces-gateway on standard output.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | `false`                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `debug.instrumentation.tracesSampler.stopLogsIngestion`                               | Set to `true` to prevent sending log collector logs to Sumo Logic. It prevents increasing ingestion and costs in case of huge amount of traces-sampler logs.                                                                                                                                               | `false`                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | `debug.logs.collector.print`                                                          | Set to `true` to print logs processed by traces-sampler on standard output.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | `false`                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `debug.logs.collector.print`                                                          | Set to `true` to print logs processed by log collector on standard output.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `false`                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

Reviewer: It's about `debug.logs.collector.print` :sweat_smile:

| `pvcCleaner.job.schedule`                                                             | Schedule for cronJobs                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | `*/15 * * * *`                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `pvcCleaner.job.securityContext`                                                      | The securityContext configuration for the pvcCleaner.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | `{"runAsUser": 1000}`                                                                                                                                                                |

> | `debug.instrumentation.tracesGateway.print`                                           | Set to `true` to print logs processed by log collector on standard output.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `false`                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: Please add `stopLogsIngestion` option as well. It's important to prevent any kind of logs flooding
